Community Dolls Key
===================
12 December 2013

This Key is different from others; it is designed to force a wearer to
interact with others and to make friends, build community, and to bring
people together. Thus, some features that would be found in a normal
BDSM-styled key is not found here.

The original Key came in two forms: a Standard Key and a Transforming Key.
This nomenclature is still present in some places; this key incorporates
all of the features of both.

Main Menu
---------

On the initial menu seen after a Key is touched are the following buttons:

    Wind: Wind up the dolly a certain amount, typically 30 minutes.

    Doll Type: Convert the dolly to a particular Type of Doll. This will
    provide the Doll with a select choice of outfits (if set up) for that
    Type, and will also send text affirmations and suggestions to the Doll
    pertaining to the Doll Type selected.

    Dress: This will dress the Doll in a chosen outfit. If the Doll is a
    specific Doll Type, and outfits are set up properly, then this list
    of outfits will be specific to the Type of Doll chosen.

    Options: these are Options that affect how the Doll operates and what
    restrictions they operate under. When Carried or when having a Controller,
    these options may change or be eliminated from the Wearer's consideration.

    Visible (or Invisible): This makes the Key vanish. The Key remains
    completely operational, and touchable - but it is Invisible. This can be
    useful for RP and for situations where the Key appears in the "wrong"
    place - such as poking through a chair or another person. The Key can
    also be made Visible again.

Options Menu
------------
Most of the options should be self-explanatory; many relate to removing
abilities from the dolly.

Some are one-way options for the doll: you set the option, you can't
unset it - so make sure it's what you want.

Carrier Operations
------------------
When a person carries the doll, they become in charge of the doll and
other people will not be allowed to affect the dolly. Therefore, if the
doll is picked up, only the carrier can wind them up or pose them.

If the carrier doesn't do these things, then the dolly will wind down.

Controller Operations
---------------------
When someone takes control of a person's Key, they become the Key Controller.
The Controller can set every option that the wearer can - plus they can
unset every option - that is, there are no "one-way" options for the
Controller.

The wearer will find that they have no options available and are limited
in what they can do. The Controller may limit the Key wearer in certain
ways, which the wearer cannot undo.

Wound Down Dolly
----------------
When you are wound down, there is only one option for the wearer: "Ok".
You are stuck and heavily restricted, and will be unable to do little
other than call for help via IM (all IMs are open). Friends can be called
on to help, and the Community Dolls Group can also be called on to help
as needed.

When a dolly is wound down, she is dropped - thereby preventing the
situation where a dolly can only be wound up by a missing carrier.

