Community Dolls Key
===================
4 March 2014

This Key is different from others; it is designed to force a wearer to
interact with others and to make friends, build community, and to bring
people together. Thus, some features that would be found in a normal
BDSM-styled key is not found here.

The original Key came in two forms: a Standard Key and a Transforming Key.
This nomenclature may be found in some places; this key incorporates
all of the features of both.

New Features Over Previous Model
--------------------------------

There many, many, many New Features - perhaps too many to list. Here are
some of them:

* Built-in Demo Mode - for trying key out

* Better Carrying handling - Carried Dolly stays close and moves more
  smoothly

* Support for many more outfits, with support for multiple pages and
  subfolders.

* Outfits can be limited to certain Sim Ratings.

* Color of the gem can be changed - and it shines too!

* The winding time can be changed, and multiple amounts can be presented
  to the winder.

* Repeat windings are greatly simplified - and can be allowed, or not,
  as desired.

* A posed Dolly can optionally be a silent Dolly.

* Multiple Dolly Controllers are possible.

* A Blacklist is available with multiple entries available.

* In AFK mode, the Dolly continues to run down - but at a lower rate.
  Thus a Dolly in AFK CAN run out of time.

* When the Dolly goes into Away status, the Dolly automatically enters
  the "low power mode" (AFK).

* An emergency winder is available on a limited basis.

* A chat interface is available.

* Poses can be selectively limited to Dolly use or to Dolly and Controller
  use only

Configuration of #RLV Folder
----------------------------

The Key uses a folder called #RLV - you should create it in the top level
of your inventory (next to folders like "Clothing" and "Lost and Found")
if you haven't already. This folder is used by many items that utilise
RLV.

To be able to wear an item on demand, the Key uses a set of folders located
in #RLV. These folders will contain your outfits as well as your doll types.
With the proper set up, users of your Key can change your wear, as well as
your type.

The first thing is to create a "> Outfits" folder (without the quotes).
The folder is "marked" with a ">" symbol, which is a standard naming
convention in the #RLV folder. You can create a multi-level tree using this
convention inside your outfit folder.

Inside the #RLV folder you will need two specific folders:

    Folder: ~normalself

    This folder contains the items that you need for a basic "self" - shape,
    skin, and hair for example. These items are only re-worn when a complete
    avi change is detected; normally, the items in this folder are only put
    on once.

    Folder: ~nude

    Items that may need to be put on frequently after an outfit - such as
    bare feet, jewelry, tattoos, and such can be placed here. These items
    are re-worn after every outfit change.

If the contents of both the ~normalself and ~nude folders are worn,
you should be in your "natural" nude state. This state may be used
as a basis for a "Nude" button in the future.

In the "> Outfits" folder, there will also be Doll Type folders.
These folders are marked by a leading "*" in their name, and have
a name that matches the Doll Type Notecard contained within the
Doll's Key. For instance, a Doll Type of Japanese will have a
notecard in the Key called "*Japanese" and a folder in the
"#RLV/> Outfits" folder called "*Japanese".

Outfits for general wear (or for a doll with the Regular Doll Type)
can be found in the "#RLV" folder itself or in subdirectories
thereof (when using the ">" convention). For example, one could
have a folder "#RLV/> Outfits/> Formal" and a folder within that
called "Red Gown" that has the items for a Red Gown in it.

Outfits stored in a Doll Type Folder are only shown to the doll
when the dolly is that type of doll. So items that are in the
"*Japanese" folder (including perhaps subfolders!) are only shown
when the doll is a "Japanese Doll".

Doll Types
----------

The Type of Doll does two main things: it limits the number of
outfits available to be worn by the Doll, and presents the Doll
with a number of "hypnotic" messages from time to time.

The messages are created with a notecard put into the Doll with
a message per line. The notecard is named with the Typename and
a leading "*"; for example, a Sexy Doll Type has a notecard with
the name "*Sexy" and it is this notecard that tells the Doll that
this Type is available.

The outfits available for each Doll Type are in a folder in the
outfits folder (typically "> Outfits") with the name of the Type
prefixed by a "*"; so a folder for the Sexy Doll Type would be
named "*Sexy" (without the quotes).

Menus and Control
-----------------

The Menu structure is basically the same no matter who is accessing
the Key, but the specific items visible may change depending on options
and who it is that is accessing the Key.

There are four different people (or roles) that may access the Key at
any given time: the Doll herself, the Doll's Controller (or dominant or
owner), the Doll's Carrier, or the public at large.

A Doll with no Controller or Carrier has generally full access to all of
the options and capabilities contained in the Key. A Doll can submit to
a Controller, or a member of the public can Carry the Doll - both of
which will remove a large amount of options from the Doll's control.

A Controller will have more control than a Carrier, and the public
will see no loss of control - that is, the general public can still
wind the Dolly, dress her up, and more.

A Carrier takes control of the Dolly, and locks out the rest of the
general public from accessing the Dolly while the Carrier is carrying the
Doll.

Preferences Card
----------------

The Preferences can be set on a NoteCard within the Key called "Preferences";
there is an example notecard included. Note that each line within the NoteCard
increases the processing time; so it is best to keep the card's number of
lines to a minimum.

The example card should contain all the documentation for what it supports
and what options are available.

Main Menu
---------

On the initial menu seen after a Key is touched are the following buttons:

    * Wind

    Wind up the dolly a certain amount, typically 30 or 60 minutes. If
    there are multiple amounts that can be chosen, a new menu will appear
    with the choices available. If the winding amount is fixed (i.e., not
    multiple amounts to choose from) then there will be no menu, just a
    normal winding. If the doll is fully wound by a wind, then the winding
    will not return to the menu.

    Normally, the Dolly may be wound several times in a row by a winder.
    If the Repeat Winding option is unset, then a Winder is not able to
    wind the Dolly repeatedly, but must be wound by different people in
    succession.

    * Type of Doll

    Convert the dolly to a particular Type of Doll. This will provide the
    Doll with a select choice of outfits (if set up) for that Type, and
    will also send text affirmations and suggestions to the Doll pertaining
    to the Doll Type selected.

    * Dress

    This will dress the Doll in a chosen outfit. If the Doll is a specific
    Doll Type, and outfits are set up properly, then this list of outfits
    will be specific to the Type of Doll chosen.

    If the Doll cannot be dressed for some reason, this button will not
    appear. This includes options such as whether the Doll can self-dress,
    or whether dressing is allowed to others.

    * Options

    The Options menu provides for a number of options that affect how the
    Doll operates and what restrictions they operate under. When Carried
    or when having a Controller, these options may change or be eliminated
    from the Wearer's consideration.

    * Visible (or Invisible)

    This makes the Key vanish. The Key remains completely operational,
    and touchable - but it is Invisible. This can be useful for RP and
    for situations where the Key appears in the "wrong" place - such as
    poking through a chair or another person. The Key can also be made
    Visible again.

    * Pose (and Unpose)

    A person may Pose a Dolly, in which case they will be locked into that
    pose for 5 minutes (unless they are a Display Dolly). The Doll cannot
    exit the pose unless they posed themselves. If the Pose Silence option
    is selected, the Doll is forced to be silent while posed (though IMs
    are still possible).

    * Detach

    If the key is detachable, then this button appears in the main menu.
    Upon clicking this button, the Key will be detached and no longer available.

    * Help/Support

    Help and Support is available for the Key here, including documentation.

    * AFK

    If the Doll is AFK (or Away From Keyboard) then the Dolly operates at a
    reduced unwinding rate, and with moderate restrictions in place. It is
    a sort of "low-power" mode for Dolly.

Options Menu
------------

The Options menu has a number of sub-menus, all of which contain some setting
or another for the Key's operation.

    * Type...

    Options relating to the Key Type and it's operation can be found here.
    This includes turning the hypnotic phrases on and off, and allowing a
    verification of whether to transform or not.

    * Access...

    Options related to access to the Key itself are here, including adding
    and removing Controllers, as well as adding and removing people from
    a blacklist.

    * Abilities...

    These are options that affect direct viewer operation and avatar control,
    otherwise known as RLV restrictions and operations.

    * Features...

    These are options that affect general Key operation.

    * Key...

    These are items like choosing the Key color and so on, relating to the
    physical attached Key.

Options > Type
--------------

    * Show Phrases

    If the hypnotic phrases are on, a message will appear once every 60 seconds
    or so, a suggestion, to get the Doll to accept her new Type.

    * Verify Type

    When Dolly is transformed, this option determines whether the Doll will
    be able to choose to allow the transformation or not.

Options > Access
----------------

    * + Controller
    * - Controller
    * List Controller

    These options manipulate the list of Controllers.

    * + Blacklist
    * - Blacklist
    * List Blacklist

    These options manipulate the Blacklist, a list of those that cannot use
    the key at all.

Options > Abilities
-------------------

    * Detachable

    Is the key detachable by the Dolly?

    * Flying

    Is the Dolly able to fly?

    * Sitting

    Is the Dolly able to fly?

    * Standing

    Is the Dolly able to stand?

    * Self Dress

    Is the Dolly able to dress themselves?

    * Self TP

    Is the Dolly able to TP? When this is disabled, it is called
    "Helpless Dolly" - that is, Dolly goes nowhere unless someone
    brings them along.

    * Force TP

    Will Dolly respond automatically to a request for TP? Note that
    this is for anyone in Second Life at all - any TP that is sent
    to the Dolly is immediately responded to and activated.


Options > Features
------------------

    * Type Text

    The Doll Type can be made visible to all through hovertext over
    the Key. This selects or deselects this possibility.

    * Quiet Key

    A Quiet Key puts very little out to the general chat, usually
    only displaying messages to the user who would be most interested
    in the message.

    * Pleasure Doll

    A "Pleasure Doll" is one that is available for sex at any time,
    and may be stripped and used by its owner. With this option,
    any Doll Type may become a "Pleasure Doll" and have this capability.

    * Warnings

    Warnings can be put out that you are running out of time soon.
    This option activates or deactivates these warnings.

    * Poseable

    A Poseable Dolly can be Posed by the public, and put on display.
    A Display Dolly does not have that option: they are poseable
    by definition.

    * Outfitable

    Can the Doll's outfits be chaned by the general public? This
    option selects this possibility.

    * Carryable

    Can the Doll be Carried? This option will make the Doll
    available to be carried or not.

    * Offline

    The Key uses an external server to save the Key's settings
    from one run to the next. If this bothers you, then use this
    setting to go "offline" and no data will be stored externally.

    * Allow AFK

    Can the Doll go away from the keyboard (AFK)? This option determines
    the answer to this question.

    * Repeat Wind

    A user may wind the Dolly over and over, until the Dolly's Key
    is fully wound. If this option is set, then a different user must
    wind the Dolly each sequential time: no user may wind two times in
    a row.

Options > Key
-------------

    * Dolly Name

    The name of the Dolly may be set here. By default, the name is the
    first "word" in the Dolly's name. Any name may be set.

    * Gem Color

    The crystal gem contained within the Key has a color changing
    mechanism stored within it, and this menu option allows control
    over the color. Set colors may be used, or a custom color if
    desired.

    * Max Time

    The Maximum Time a Dolly may be wound. Typical maximums are
    120 minutes or 180 minutes - but it can be made shorter or longer.

    * Wind Times

    How much time is each wind? This option allows the Dolly to set
    the amount of time in each wind; multiple values are possible,
    in which case the winder gets to choose which one to use. If
    only one value is provided, then there is no winding time menu
    and a Wind is automatically done.

Help/Support
------------

    * Join Group

    The Community Dolls Group is a group of Dolls and Owners and
    Winders all focused on Dollies. When a Doll expires, there is
    usually someone listening in in the group who can and will help.

    * Help Notecard

    The Help Notecard contains this documentation.

    * Visit Dollhouse

    The Community Dolls Dollhouse is available for all to come and
    visit and talk and wind each other and more.

    * Reset Scripts

    This will reset the scripts within the Key.

    * Check Update

    This makes a check for an update to this Key.

    * Factory Reset

    The Factory Reset will reset all values in the Key to their
    original state.

Carrier Operations
------------------

When someone carries the Doll, the Doll is then solely available to the
carrier. The other members of the public will find they have no ability to
manipulate the Doll - and the Carrier has full control. In one particular
area, it means that only the Carrier can wind the Doll.

Under certain limited instances, a Doll can be dropped - including from a
Carrier that is not in the Sim or isn't on at all.

Controller Operations
---------------------

When someone takes control of a person's Key, they become the Key Controller.
The Controller can set every option that the wearer can - plus they can
unset every option - that is, there are no "one-way" options for the
Controller.

The wearer will find that they have no options available and are limited
in what they can do. The Controller may limit the Key wearer in certain
ways, which the wearer cannot undo.

The public should not see much difference unless the Controller has restricted
the Doll.

Wound Down Dolly
----------------

When wound down, the Dolly is severely restricted, but with one standard
notable exception: IM is fully unrestricted. A wound-down Dolly is not
a functioning Dolly - and thus cannot move or talk or any other thing that
requires a functioning Dolly. However, Dolls are living creatures and thus
can use their telepathy (or IMs) with the greater community to call for
help.

The Community Dolls group is made in part for just such a case, and dolls
and winders are often in the group and able and willing to help if asked.

Any additional restrictions contained within the Preferences notecard will
also be applied upon collapse. For example, if the notecard contains this line:

    collapse rlv = fartouch=n,touchall=n

Then upon collapse, touch will be removed from the Dolly. When Dolly is
wound, those added restrictions are removed along with the rest.

When Dolly is wound down, your menu will only have an "OK" button and
nothing else. After a period of time, the emergency winder circuitry
embedded in the Dolly activates and you can use the emergency winder
or teleport to a preset Home landmark stored in the Key. This landmark
can be changed by the Dolly as desired.

Chat Commands
-------------

The Key has a chat interface on Channel 75, though the channel can be
set to whatever you like with a chat command. To talk to your Key, use
local chat with a line like:

    /75 stat

This does a status report. You must always prefix the command with "/75"
(or whatever channel is being used). If you are using an RLV item that
restricts chat, you may find yourself cut off from talking to your Key
this way.

Commands are these:

    blacklist <name>
    unblacklist <name>

    These commands modify the blacklist, adding and subtracting users from
    the list.

    channel <num>

    This command changes the channel that the Key listens on. It will no longer
    listen on the default 75, but will listen on an alternative channel as
    specified by number.

    controller <name>

    This adds a controller by name to the list of controllers on the Key.

    demo

    Toggle Demo Mode. The Key's time limit is set to 5 minutes, and wind times
    adjusted. The previous maximum time and wind times are preserved for when
    demo mode is exited.

    detach

    Detaches the key from the wearer. After this command executes, the key is
    no longer available as it has been removed.

    help

    This provides a short, quick, help - a list of commands.

    poses

    This lists the available poses in the Key.

    release

    stat
    stats
    xstats

    These commands provide different sorts of statistics and information
    from the key. "stats" is a normal list, "xstats" is a list of extended
    stats, and "stat" is a one line time status report.

    wind

    This is the emergency winder. It can be activated once every 12 hours.

Demo Mode
---------
When Demo Mode is activated, the key goes to a 5 minute maximum, and
winding is adjusted accordingly. If a single wind amount is being used,
the wind time is set to 1 minute. All functions remain operational in their
normal ways.

The purpose is to allow people to try the key out, see what it is like to
be collapsed and to be wound and returned to normal. There is no functional
difference between a demo key and the normal key but time.

